Who the hell paved me
Flying dog flying dog flying dog flying dog
What about Lu Gona?
I don't know, flying dog.
And quibble that they say you are holding my name
Weave them away
Phineas
I did it to teach that stinky bitch a lesson for you
Silly Lord Silly Lord washed me away
Then take Luna away
You see it clearly
Yan is still tied up in death row
Say
Tell me where Luna went
That's not possible.
I clearly saw it.
Phineas
As I said, this kid has a lot of ideas
There must be something wrong with Fei Ge's monitoring just now.
He must have done it.
How dare you run away
Run away, even if Sun Monkey
Can't escape the palm of the Buddha
The whole company will give me a careful search
Don't leave any corner to find him
Yes go
Mengmeng hasn't come back yet
Will everything be okay?
It's okay, just wait.
Even if you dig three feet
I also want to find Luna and A Yan for me
People come out
come out